It's like there's a
cord between our hearts.
It's you and me. It's
always been you and me.
We belong to each other,
and I don't ever want to
live in a world without you.
We pulled two bodies
out of Falls Lake a couple days ago.
We're charging you
additionally with the murders
of Jim Blackwell and Audrey Ellis.
Norman is nice...
okay, he's kind, he's a good person...
but he just... he has
another side to him.
You know, I don't... I don't
know what you'd call it,
maybe multiple
personalities or something,
but he... he changes.
I'm coming for you when
you least expect it.
Hello, Norman.
All right. Get him out.
And get in the back.
What do you want with us, Alex?
You're gonna take me to her body.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
How much further?
There's a turn,
then there's a little more of a drive,
and then there's a little walk.
But we are getting close, Alex.
No.
Alex.
Please don't kill me. Please.
See what you've done now
on your little quest
for stupid vengeance?
She's innocent.
Stop it. Stop crying.
Alex, what happened to you?
I don't understand any of this.
This isn't about you, Regina.
But you've lost your mind.
Jesus, I haven't lost my mind!
That's debatable.
Regina.
Regina, dear, slow down.
I think that the turn is coming up.
Here?
Yes. Yes, here. Here.
Turn there please, Regina.
All right, stop. Stop. Stop the car.
- No.
- Stop the car.
- All right, get out.
- No, please!
- Get out.
- Please. Please.
Get out of the car.
Get out of the car!
Please, don't.
Go on. Go.
Go. Just start walking.
Follow the road.
It... it's gonna take you
back to the main highway.
Okay? I can't give you
your phone right now,
but someone'll find you in a few hours.
I might die of hypothermia.
Walk fast.
You got a good coat
on. You'll be fine. Go.
This isn't who you are, Alex.
Go before I change my mind!
Get out. Get out.
You're riding up front
from now on. Come on.
Okay, how much farther up the road?
Okay? Specifically.
Uh... maybe 10 minutes?
Maybe...
I'm lying.
You better pray you're not lying.
I'm not lying.
All right, get this out wide.
30-mile radius, and call
in the U.S. Marshal Service.
I want everyone on this.
And get somebody to
check the residences.
Bates and Romero.
All right.
Come on in.
What's going on?
Your brother Norman was kidnapped
from the police station
by Alex Romero.
How the hell did you let that happen?
He also took our office manager, Regina,
took her hostage,
so this isn't just about Norman.
Sit down.
Do you have any idea where
Romero could take Norman?
You want my honest opinion?
He took him somewhere to kill him.
Okay, now, I-I don't know if
that's... if that's the woods
or if that's Norma's grave, I...
I don't know.
This is in... this is insane.
Norman is sick, okay?
He needs psychiatric help.
Did you forget your
brother has been charged
with multiple murders?
What, so... so that means, you know,
you don't care if
something happens to him?
The person I care about the most
is Regina Worth,
and I'm gonna do whatever it takes
to get her back safe.
You better not let
anything happen to him.
He's a suspect. He hasn't
even been convicted.
Right here.
I think we should...
Norman?
It's not for you to be here.
It's... let me deal
with this, okay, Norman?
Look, I don't know what's going on,
but you do not want to mess
with me right now, Norman.
Would it shock you to
know that I'm not Norman?
That he isn't here and
that you can't touch him?
Spare me your bullshit.
Get out of the car.
Oh, you're above it all, are you?
And why should I tell you where she is
if you're only gonna kill me anyway?
Did you think about that,
Sheriff Lonely Heart?
Listen to me, you piece of shit.
I-I don't know what kind of sick fuck
digs his mother's body out of a grave
and moves it around, okay,
and I don't want to know
about it or what you did to it.
All I can tell you is, I can
shoot you once I find her,
and I can make it quick and clean,
or I can make you suffer for days,
and believe me, I got ideas.
Now you tell me how you want to do this.
All right.
Okay. All right.
Get out.
Get up.
Why are you stopping?
We're here.
Show me.
It will go faster if you help me.
I'm so sorry.
For everything that happened.
I know how much you loved her.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry... I'm sorry
I... I couldn't help you.
I love you.
I'll always love you.
You... you killed her.
You killed your own mother.
You can't hide from it.
Mother.
Don't listen to him, Norman.
He's just trying to hurt you.
I think I did kill her.
I think I did. I didn't want to.
She was everything I had.
I mean, it was supposed
to be the both of us.
I have to leave now.
No. I'll have no one.
You can't leave me now.
You know everything now,
and there's nothing for
me to protect you from.
Good-bye, Norman.
Good morning, honey.
It's a beautiful day out.
How'd you sleep?
Mother, you're here.
Yeah, of course I'm
here. I live here, silly.
I just had the most horrible dream.
What happened in it?
I don't...
I don't even want to think about it,
it's so horrible.
Okay, then don't. Let it go.
I dreamed you died.
Well, I didn't.
I'm right here.
It's all good, honey.
It's just a silly dream.
Life is in front of us.
Where are you going?
Mother?
Mother!
Mother.
You're really here.
Oh.
You just had a bad dream, honey.
You need to learn how
to wake up from 'em.
You... you can if you
just try hard enough.
Mother.
It won't stop.
Mm...
Am I still dreaming?
Mother?
Mother.
What?
I have some exciting news.
Tell me.
We're moving to Oregon.
What... what are you talking about?
I bought a place with
the insurance money,
and I bought a new car.
Well, it's a new used
car, but it's a Mercedes,
and we're gonna pack some shit;
we're gonna get in that car;
we're gonna go to a new place;
and we're gonna start over,
and we're gonna be really, really happy.
What place?
Mother, how could you
do this and not tell me?
Because it's a surprise,
and I know you'll love it.
Come on! Get up. Come on.
We got packing to do.
Okay, Mother.
I'm coming.
Okay, this is the part where you say,
"Mother, this is so beautiful.
"I'm so happy we're moving here.
You are so smart to
have thought of this."
Mother, this is so beautiful.
I am so happy you're making me move here.
You are so smart to force me
to do things I have no say in.
You're an ass.
Open your eyes.
What do you think?
This is crazy, Mom.
It's not crazy.
We're gonna run this place.
We own a motel, Norman Bates.
Come on. I want to show you the house.
Bought the whole thing,
the house and the motel,
had a foreclosure, and
everything came with it.
The space is beautiful.
It's all gonna be good.
You'll see.
Okay, Mother.
I'll believe you.
Hey, hey, hey!
Well, look what the cat
dragged back into town.
Hey, Remo.
What's going on, man?
Thanks for coming over.
Oh, my pleasure.
Hey, I heard about what's
happening with your brother.
I'm sorry about that, man.
So is that a wedding ring?
Yeah.
Yeah, I got married.
Yeah, I met a chick.
She's a sister of one of our trimmers.
Dude, everything's changed around here.
You wouldn't believe it.
I'm working for this licensed grower now.
We grow 22 strains of artisanal cannabis.
We deliver to 31 dispensaries
all over the place.
It's unbelievable. It's like a real job.
That's great, man.
And your daughter and Emma.
Yeah. Yeah.
That's awesome.
Thanks, man. Yeah, it's, uh...
It's great.
Well.
Have a peek at that.
Here.
What do I, uh...
No, no, no. You don't owe me anything.
I got a ton of those
things laying around.
No use for 'em anymore.
All right, you... you sure?
You're gonna offend me
if you don't put that wallet away.
Thanks.
Just, uh, tell me that's for protecting
your wife and your daughter.
Yeah.
And me.
And you?
You all right?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Yeah?
Nah, I'm good.
All right, cool.
Well, I got to split,
but, uh, next time,
give me a little more notice.
We can make a real plan.
All right? Get together. Have some beers.
Reminisce about our outlaw days.
All right.
Sheriff Greene!
You get some rest.
I'm gonna go down and
check out the office.
We can get it all set up tomorrow.
I want this place to
be a success for us.
Okay. Let's go.
Close the door.
Someone close the door.
Hey, can I help you?
We need a room for the night.
They've had it with the car for today.
Wow, what happened to you?
Oh, I, uh,
I just... I fell down the steps.
Yes. Getting used to this place.
There... there are a lot of steps.
But w-why don't you...
Hey, come on inside.
- Great.
- We're not actually
officially open yet, but I reckon
we can accommodate you.
I'll just need your name and address
- and a credit card number.
- Okay.
Our system just isn't up yet.
Harry, Dylan, stop touching everything.
Sorry.
His name's Dylan?
Hmm.
I have a brother named Dylan.
Yeah?
We named him after Dylan Thomas.
The poet.
- Right.
- My husband's working
at the University of
Washington for a semester,
and so we're on our way to visit him.
Uh, that's... that's nice.
Here, uh... here you go.
No other guests, so
Harry and Dylan can make
as much noise as they like.
Ugh, thanks, but is it okay
if they play outside for a bit?
I mean, it's safe here, right?
It's nothing if not safe.
Thank you.
Okay. Honey, just leave it.
Leave it, leave it, leave it.
Got it?
Okay. Watch out.
Okay.
You guys need to get some energy out.
Get out of the way. Get
out of the way. It's cold.
Okay.
Hey, everybody's getting in.
Can I get a shot of Jack?
Thanks.
You look all alone.
Can I get a double?
Mm.
Look, I'm... I'm just here to drink.
And try to figure something out
that is completely beyond my control.
I'm so sorry.
I don't mean to be a dick.
I've just had a really bad day.
Okay.
Hello?
Dylan, it's me.
It's Norman.
You okay? W-where are you?
Of course I'm okay, Dylan.
I, uh... I just... I
just wanted you to know
that we're at the new
house with the motel,
and I miss you.
And I know Mother does too.
Wait... "Mother"?
Norma, as... As you like to call her.
Look, I know. I know.
I know that she can be
so stubborn sometimes.
I... it's just because
she gets hurt so easily,
and I-I know that the two of you
had that terrible fight before
we moved from Scottsdale,
but I just...
I think this could be a new beginning,
Dylan, for all of us.
And we're not a family
without you, Dylan, and...
so I just really think we
should start over and, uh,
and be together and... and that I guess
the real reason that I'm calling is,
I would love it if you
could come over for dinner.
Yeah. Yeah, of course.
I'll be... I'll be right over, okay?
You will?
Oh.
Uh, Norman?
Yeah?
Are you with Romero?
Romero?
No, I-I don't know a Romero.
Okay.
All right, well, um, you
just... just hang tight, okay?
I'll... I'll... I'll be over soon.
All right. Tha... thanks, Dylan.
I'll see you, uh, see you soon.
Hey, Dylan. What... what's happening?
Norman's been missing
from jail for a day.
Romero kidnapped him.
Emma, he...
Norman called me.
He's at the house. He
wants me to come over.
Does the sheriff know?
No.
Dylan, you have to tell her.
She doesn't give a shit about Norman.
If I tell her, then
they're gonna rush in there,
and he's gonna end up dead.
Well, I don't care.
I don't care about Norman.
I care about you.
Dylan, you have a child.
I know I have a child.
Do I have a wife?
Please don't do this.
Just... just call...
Just call the sheriff.
Norman's dangerous.
He's not dangerous to me.
You sound like Norma.
Tell me you love me, Emma.
No, I won't. I'm not gonna arm you up
so you can go and do something stupid.
I'll never love anyone else but you.
You screwed me there, Emma Decody.
Yes?
Uh, did my brother
Norman check you in here?
He's, uh, in his early 20s, dark
brown hair, and really polite.
Yeah, why?
You, um...
You need to leave.
What are you talking about?
My br... my brother
has some mental issues,
and he shouldn't be
checking people in the motel.
- Mental issues?
- Yes.
He... Look, it...
He made a mistake checking you in.
Oh.
Just... just take your kids, and leave.
Okay. Um, kids.
Kids! I need you to put your
stuff in your roller bags.
- But Mom!
- Do it now!
Here's some... here's some money.
There's a... there's a
motel, the Kings Motel.
It's just... just up the
road. You can stay there.
Hey, thank you.
Just, uh, just leave
your keys in the room.
Dylan.
Hey.
Thank you so much for coming.
Mother is gonna be
so excited to see you.
Come on in.
Dinner's almost ready.
Norman, we have to talk.
Let me just put dinner
out on the table, okay?
We can talk over dinner.
Norman.
Mother is gonna be so
excited you're here, Dylan.
She's not here, Norman.
Dylan?
You two okay in there?
You must be sick.
Poor thing. Here, let me help you.
Oh, poor Dylan.
This has all been too much for you.
Okay? I'm sorry that we
moved without telling you.
You don't worry about this, all right?
I'll... I'll clean it up.
Norman.
It's all fine, Dylan.
You just got a little bit overexcited.
Okay? Here. Sit down.
Sit down with Mother.
- Norman.
- Dylan.
- Norman, stop.
- Just sit down.
Stop what you're doing.
- What am I doing, Dylan?
- Norman.
Dylan, please don't ruin it!
I have to, Norman!
You're not living in the real world!
You need to live in the real world!
You... you have to stop this!
Stop what, Dylan?
Norma is... is dead, okay?
She... Th-th-this is her body.
- You brought her body here.
- Well, I disagree.
This isn't something that you can...
That you can agree or disagree with!
She's dead, Norman.
No, stop it. Stop it, Dylan.
Stop saying that.
You have to deal with it.
You... you need to come,
and you need to turn yourself in,
and we need to get you help.
That's what you want for me?
To be shut up in some prison
for the criminally insane
and drugged out of my mind?
I don't know what I want for you!
What I really want is something
that can never happen, okay?
I want you to be happy, I wan...
And I want you to be well.
I want Mom to be alive again.
I got... I wan... I
want both of you to...
I want you guys to meet my daughter.
I want to have... I want to have
Christmases together, okay?
I want all of these things
to have never happened.
Well, if you believe hard enough,
then you can make it that way.
No, you... no, you can't!
You can't.
What are you doing?
I can't let you take me away from her.
Put down the knife.
Norman, put down the knife.
This is how it ends, isn't it?
Doesn't have to end this
way. Put the knife down.
I just want to be with her, Dylan.
Norman, no. Don't ask me to do this.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry, Norman.
Norman.
Thank you.
Synced and corrected by louvette
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org